# Project Constraints

### Time / Compute
The first constraint on my project is time. While there a many different things that I would like to try, I have a limited amount of time that will constrain what all I can manage to get done. It takes a substantial amount of time to design, implement, debug, and test these algorithms both in terms of how much time I will have to be actively working and how much time I will need to wait for the algorithms to run. Each test that I want to run will probably take about a week to run with my computer hardware. This means that I will have to be wise in how I use my time and which tests I decide to run.

### Environmental
This is a deep learning project. Deep learning apporaches tend to use a lot of data and compute. Collecting that data and using that compute can often have a large environmental impact. And it is important to consider this impact when designing deep learning approaches. I think that my apporach of offline reinforcement learning is better for the environment than the typical online apporaches. First, because offline RL doesn't require any online training. For real world problems, training an RL agent in the real world can be costly and dangerous, but offline appoarches avoid the need to run the policy online by training from a dataset of transistions. Second, online apporaches tend to be more expensive computationly, since they have to collect millions new trajactories for each run and all of the old trajectories from previous runs are thrown out. Offline RL on the other hand can reuse its dataset of trajectories, which saves on compute. When working on this project, I will try to only consider solutions that would be benefitial to the environment.

### Social
I think that reinforcement learning has potential to change the word and, as a result, I think that RL will have a profound social impact. We could potenital have RL agents completing menial tasks that humans aren't interested in potentially freeing up humans to focus on things that they are more passionate about. There is potenital for a lot of good. But, I don't think that the good outcome is guaranteed. While I think that certain RL will greatly benefit some people, I am less certain that the majority will benefit from RL. For instance, if only the very wealthy can afford to train/develop advanced RL algorithms then it is very possible that only the wealthy will benefit and the majority will be worse off, if for example they lose their jobs to AI.  I think that it is important to design AIs that distribute power in more equitable ways and I will try to constrain my solutions to do this.
